I know you.
Not like you're going to.
I got the call from Quiet Ray.
It's time.
What you're doing now
out in Tulsa.
It's time to share.
An old girlfriend of mine...
her and her father are having
a problem with their distillery.
It's being strong-armed
by a guy named Dunmire.
That son of a bitch
is the tyrant of Tulsa.
Let me handle him.
One of your fucking idiots
pulled some weird shit
with my man in
the fucking weed shop.
put a gun in his face.
Because your man
shot his best friend.
You get what you were owed?
That's not the point.
Actually. it is.
But when I shook Dunmire's hand.
I tied my own.
When I partner with someone.
their enemy is my enemy.
So. what do you say?
Dunmire will react.
- Oh! No! Wait.
- Get in there!
It's beyond a bad way to go out.
You think this punk
had something
to do with this. alone?
What the fuck was his name?
Cole?
Yeah. Cole.
I don't know.
But I do know
that boy don't take a piss
without his daddy
telling him whose lawn.
Man. I've made
some threats in my life.
like "I'll burn your house down
with you in it."
but it was just idle bullshit.
This is sick.
Dixie Mafia boys
don't fuck around.
Like we do?
Excuse me.
Pardon me. Excuse me.
Excuse me. Pardon me.
- Hey. sorry I'm late.
- Good...
- What the hell is that?
- Eh...
- That's a horseshoe.
- I know it's a horseshoe.
He wasn't a fucking jockey.
you idiot.
They're running
the Georgia Classic.
This is all they had.
A-And listen. uh.
not to change the subject.
but. uh. we got a problem.
Armand's gone on a fucking tear.
doing amends
with that AA bullshit.
And that little backstabbing
weasel talking amends
is him talking about shit
he shouldn't.
And I'm telling you. if New York
hears about the distillery...
Enough with the New York.
Where's Armand now?
Radio silence.
Little shit's gone off the grid.
Well. you can't have him
stringing along.
- You got to pick him up.
- Of course.
What were you thinking?
Seriously?
Why don't you take this outside
and bury it?
It's embarrassing. man.
It could've been pink.
You don't feel foolish?
A little bit.
Margaret.
You look beautiful.
And of course.
you do. too. Joanne.
Yeah. Yep. yep.
There's a big crowd here.
I didn't expect that.
Mm. well. Montague was popular.
Family goes way back.
Generations.
Shall we pay our respects?
- What?
- It's just that ever since
I saw my brother in the box.
it's hard for me to get close.
Maybe it's subconscious.
I get it.
Shit. Dunmire.
The balls on this guy.
Tough way to go out.
It hurts
just to burn your finger.
Imagine your whole body.
Manfredi. right?
You know me?
Yes. I know who you are.
And I concur.
It is a genuine tragedy.
I heard you and their family
were pretty tight.
Close.
That's not your concern.
No. but you are.
I'm not the type of man
that you want to fuck with.
We have that in common.
And if you think
you're gonna do to me
what you did
to your friend over there.
it's gonna be really
fucking difficult.
That's slanderous talk. Dwight.
Unless it isn't.
Now. what's stopping me
from shutting
that distillery down again?
So. I'm gonna make you an offer.
take it off your hands.
- Not interested.
- I'll give you three times
what you paid that dead man.
Three times?
Still... not interested.
This business requires
sound judgement.
Not the foul hand
of a bottom-feeder.
You ain't no distiller.
Manfredi.
What are you doing here?
Get out of here. Leave!
I know it was you. you bastard!
I know you don't
mean that. darling.
Hey.
Don't fucking touch her.
That'll cost you. cowboy.
Let's go.
Oh. You want me to do that?
I know how to do this.
- Oh. yeah? All right. Okay.
- Yeah.
Cigar at eight o'clock
in the morning?
Hey.
Did you get the goods
on Dunmire?
Yeah. I was up all night.
I found the title
for the distillery.
- Yeah? And the P&Ls?
- Yeah.
This guy hasn't made
a profit for ten years.
What about the back stock?
Maybe 100 grand of the 12-year.
Which they couldn't
sell. either. you know?
'Cause there's no distributor.
Did you happen to know
it's illegal
for a distiller to sell direct?
- Yeah. I did know.
- No. you didn't.
- Yeah. I fucking knew.
- No. you didn't. Joanne.
Come on. Alway...
"I always know everything."
You don't know everything.
Well. anyway. we're stuck with
all these cases that we can't
put on the shelves.
plus. a lot of new enemies.
so what's going on?
Maybe we take the money
that Dunmire offered
- Mm.
- And we build
our own distillery.
Mm-mmm. No. there's no way.
No way.
I don't have enough time.
I'm too ancient.
Plus. this guy offered me
triple for what I paid
after I insulted
the hell out of him.
so it tells me
it's got to be worth more.
That's what it tells me.
What do you think?
Tells me we should've gone into
the funeral parlor business.
- Funny.
- Coffee?
Why not? Take a shot at it.
That poor man.
This is tragic.
Yeah. Mitch.
who's the guy in the hat?
Insurance adjuster.
- Mm.
- Said a log
rolled out of the fire.
caught the rug.
- Mm-hmm.
- Human error.
Yeah. give me a break.
Well?
They're not gonna pay.
Dunmire's got the whole county
in his pocket.
Cops. fire inspector.
that asshole.
the goddamn governor. Pathetic.
Yeah. but he couldn't
buy your father.
Look at the results.
Cleo. can I ask you to. like.
dig down. memory-wise?
Dunmire... I don't think he cared
about buying the distillery.
but he was willing to pay
three times the amount.
which is food for thought.
I'm curious...
I'm just asking...
do you know something
that we don't know?
Damn.
Whoa.
These ain't bodies.
My dad's 50-year.
Came of age this spring.
50-year-old bourbon
made by a master distiller?
It doesn't get any rarer
- than this.
- Nope.
My father made this
with his father and grandfather.
and this vintage
was the best of the best.
Bit of a legend in these parts.
Dunmire suspected it existed.
just didn't know
where it was stashed.
That's planning ahead.
I only just found out about it
when my dad's lawyer
sent me his will.
You know. a 50-year-old bourbon
can go for five grand a bottle.
What do you say you have
in here. a hundred barrels?
- Two hundred.
- Two hundred?
And there's a 150 bottles
per barrel. so that's...
- Big money.
- $150 million. to be exact.
Holy shit.
Yeah. you can say that again.
$150 million.
Okay.
Here we are.
Uh-huh.
Cooker and fermenter.
That there is the still.
I remember the grain handler
used to be out back.
Lot of fond memories
behind that thing.
I suggest shutting up. Mitch.
Good idea. Mitch.
And this is where
the magic happens.
Well. happened.
Uh. broken conveyor.
I don't know
what half that junk is.
These are the bottling lines.
Well. what used to be
the bottling lines. damn rats.
Shuttered distillery 101:
barrels to bungholes
to not bottling.
Bungholes?
- That sounds dirty.
- Did you say "bunghole"?
Boss don't like
the word "bunghole."
I don't like
You got ladies here.
A little respect.
A bunghole
is a circular incision bored
into a sealed barrel to allow
for the release of its contents.
That's all. Moving on.
Dwight. look.
Weed is up tenfold.
and the casino twice that.
Do we really need
some mold-infested firetrap?
There's history here.
This is where
it all started. Bodhi.
You know.
you got booze. moonshine.
most likely started
by the Italians.
The hard stuff.
wasn't that English.
Scottish. Irish?
The Italians
brought breadsticks.
I just don't get it.
If it was so profitable.
why-why did it go broke?
Dunmire killed the competition.
made sure every other
distributor wouldn't touch us.
But he was sitting
on some bread. though. right?
My father was eccentric.
He agreed to sell the distillery
but not our home or legacy.
He'd rather see the 50 stay
buried than in Dunmire's hands.
So Dunmire fucked it.
And we unfuck it.
Ah. the grand unfuckening.
Yeah. there you go.
Why don't we get this stuff
into bottles.
put the bottles on the shelf
and put the cash in the bank
before Dunmire and his guys
get wise?
Distribution?
I got that.
Don't worry about it.
Anybody know a good plumber?
I dabble in crypto and weed.
but plungers. not so much.
Hell y'all looking at me for?
Oh. y'all serious?
Y-Y'all know
Pops not about to be doing
- these type of schemes anymore.
- It's not a scheme.
It's a legit business. Tyson.
No bullets. Real enterprise.
Talk to your father.
Cleo. out of all
the local distributors.
who would you say
is the friendliest?
Walden Eustice.
One more time?
Walden?
Is there anyone in this state
with a normal name?
Like Dwight?
Would anyone else like to share?
Welcome. son.
Hello. Uh. my name is Goodie.
and I'm looking
for an alcoholic.
A beady-eyed. Lollipop Guild-
looking motherfucker.
Uh. well. uh. Al-Anon meetings
are on Wednesdays.
No. no. no.
This is the right fucking place.
Hello. Goodie.
His name is Armand.
A weaselly piece of shit.
And I know he's been coming
here. shooting his mouth off.
saying things he shouldn't.
pissing off the wrong people.
This skid mark lost his wife...
his kids.
He broke into the count room
of an associate's casino
and stole
a half a million bucks.
He tried to whack our boss.
Can you imagine
this drunken shit-burger
with loaded gun in hand?
What? No. people. come on.
What?
And I thought
this was a safe space.
Anyway.
point being. he's AWOL.
So. if you see
this friggin' dope...
please ask him
to return to the fold.
Got a little proposition
for you. Pop. all right?
Dwight got a little. uh.
plumbing issue
over at his new business.
The new business
where the previous owner
burned up in his own home?
But that's not his fault.
though. you know?
He ain't got nothing
to do with that.
- Come on. now.
- I didn't say it was. all right?
But I got a pretty good idea
whose fault it was.
and I don't want to have
anything to do with him. either.
But it's paying. Probably more
than what you're making
with that little old plunger.
Dwight ain't even got
nothing to do with it.
It's Joanne.
She's running things now.
It's her name
on that distillery license.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
And why is that?
No. I'm sorry. son. but no.
All right? Getting blown up once
is enough for me. I'm good.
Yeah. I told them
you would say no. I mean...
I'll see you Sunday.
See you Sunday.
He didn't want to stay
to say hi to his mama?
He asked me to do some work
on Dwight Manfredi's
new distillery.
I think you should do it.
Well. that's a change of tune.
Yeah. maybe.
But I'm more worried
about our son
than Dwight Manfredi.
Take this job.
Means you can
keep an eye on him.
Yes. ma'am.
Are you Walden?
That'd be right.
- Can I help you?
- Yeah.
I'm Dwight Manfredi.
and we're representing
this Montague bourbon.
which we consider
the best in the state.
- Right. Mitch?
- Right.
Yeah. I know
the 12-year very well.
So. then you know
that it's top-shelf.
I'm sorry. fellas. but. uh.
my shelves are full. uh.
top and bottom.
and I don't broker
in boutique batch anymore.
Oh. that's funny.
'cause up until three years ago.
you were Montague's
only distributor.
Markets change. you know?
The people... they want
hard seltzer. mezcal.
gluten-free.
- Gluten-free?
- Well. looks to me
like people are mostly happy
with what Dunmire has to offer.
Well. Dunmire's a great brand.
What are you so worried about?
He reach out to you?
- H-He's a...
- He's what?
A serious man?
He tell you about us?
I-I don't know...
Look. fellas.
I got to live here.
Mm. Everybody's got
to live somewhere. right?
Bigfoot. come here. You still
like that "psychology" stuff?
- I do.
- Give it a shot with Walden.
Hello.
Walden. is it? Like the pond.
Yeah. I guess. yeah.
I'd like to talk about
how you're feeling now.
What? What? What I'm fee...
Uh. I'm feeling scared.
Maybe a bit hopeless?
I don't want to get hurt.
Oh. You think
I'm trying to hurt you.
Walden.
I know you got problems.
I get that.
But we're gonna help you out
with this "Dun-meer" guy.
- "Dun-mire."
- Whatever.
And you're gonna help us
get distribution
for our bourbon. right?
Right.
Walden. you don't mind
if we take a few samples
on the way out?
Of course.
Whatever you would like.
Just... help yourselves.
"Dun-meer"?
- "Dun-mire."
- "Dun-mire." Whatever.
Mitch?
Not who you were expecting?
What do you want. Cole?
I'm sorry
for the misunderstanding
at the memorial.
I didn't mean
for that to happen.
Then you shouldn't have
fucking been there.
Come on. Cleo.
It's always been you and me.
since grade school.
Just leave.
Now. what the hell
does Mitch have that I don't?
A conscience?
Well. I had nothing to do
with your father's death.
A tragedy. it was.
but it weren't me.
No?
Tulsa's a small town. Cole.
Your guys were shooting
their mouths off
about the Dunmires
"teaching Montague a lesson."
Words. Cleo.
Just words.
Here's a few more words.
You're gonna pay for this.
There's more than one way
to pay off a debt.
And I swear to you...
on all daddies
living and dead...
that you won't regret it.
Me and you?
I'd rather be dead.
Now get the fuck
off my property.
The last I checked.
ain't your property anymore.
It's Dwight Manfredi's.
But it won't be his
for much longer. either.
Overcompensating. are we?
Where the fuck's Dwight?
Oh. you got yourself
a new hobby.
That's nice. Yeah. it's good.
Keep yourself occupied.
it's good.
except you forgot to tell
your partner. fuckin' me.
Get why you cut out New York.
but me?
I mean. what'd you think...
I wasn't gonna fucking hear
about this. Dwight?
Calm down. Bill. okay?
Didn't I just give you a call?
I heard things. rumors.
before the call. Dwight.
Look. you got to trust me.
Trust you?
I trust you like
I trust a fucking rattlesnake.
- A snake?
- You called me because
you need fucking backup
for this Geek Squad of yours.
- Right?
- That's not why you're here.
- You sure?
- Yeah.
Dunmire?
Let me tell you something.
Dunmire makes that fucking
chow mein-eating Ming look
like a fucking tooth fairy.
He's fucking connected. Dwight.
Dixie fucking Mafia.
It is no fucking joke.
What kind of crew you got here?
You don't even have one Italian.
You got a kid who's more
concerned about his sneakers
than he is finding a drop.
and that-that...
that Kumbaya stoner.
he put a gun in my guy's face.
in his face!
It's a bad look.
a bad fucking look.
We need distribution.
I don't take orders from him.
I'm certainly not gonna take
- orders from you. sweetheart.
- Hey. Joanne is part of this.
When she speaks.
it's me speaking.
Joanne. speak.
You got trucks
for your laundry business.
We're gonna use 'em
to put liquor on shelves.
And. no. this is not sharing
with New York City.
This is straight-up Tulsa-K.C.
What's my cut?
You got to put bottles
on the shelf. man.
You got to work for your money.
This don't come free.
Fifty percent.
No. It's too much.
You're pushing it.
- Oh. yeah?
- Yeah.
What happened
to fifty-fifty. Dwight?
That was for the weed.
not the booze.
Here. let me give you
something you might understand.
How about 100% of 25%.
not including deliveries?
Fifteen percent
if you do volume.
Under that.
it's a sliding scale.
Fifteen percent? What is this.
a fucking joke. 15%?
We found this opportunity.
we paid for it.
and we're working for it.
What the hell's the matter with
you?
You know. come to think of it.
15's too much.
I'm thinking seven and a half.
Seven and a half? What. is that
what you weighed at birth?
Take it or fucking leave it.
I get back to yous.
He'll take it.
Yeah?
Bill. it's Vince.
Just checking in.
Why?
Things slowed down around here.
Just wondering.
you know.
any opportunities in K.C.?
Well. I could use a bit
of old school
about now.
Manfredi's running
a sloppy operation.
- The weed?
- No. Booze.
Coz. I got your back.
I'm ready to earn.
I'm going crazy over here.
Fucking
Gen X. Gen Z.
Gen "go fuck yourself"
telling me
about lactose intolerance.
All right. let me see
what I can do.
All right? Keep your buzzer on.
- Why do you hate us?
- 'Cause you order
the melanzana with no cheese.
It's not natural.
Two cannolis. sir?
Whoa. Oh.
The cavalry has arrived.
Oh. man. I knew
you'd come through for us. Pops.
Look at you. This... Uh. Joanne.
- Joanne. this is my pops.
- Ms. Manfredi. pleasure.
- Heard a lot about you.
- Nice to meet you.
You got a good kid here.
- Well. he has his moments.
- Mm-hmm.
- So let's get this going.
- Yeah. let's do it.
Right up here.
♪ Granddaddy told me ♪
♪ He said. "Boy.
you're the lost generation" ♪
♪ So I packed my bags
with what little I had... ♪
Good luck on that. big fella.
So. what. are you gonna
kiss and make up?
- Negative.
- Dwight said...
No guns. I'm aware.
There are some fates
worse than a bullet.
Of course there are.
Mirroring his phone.
hacking his online identity.
I'll see everything he sees.
know everything he knows.
Every doom scroll.
I'll be there.
Every key stroke. I'll be there.
Lost Postmates. Pornhub handy...
Ugh. I don't want to be there.
I will control every aspect
of his life.
I will make him suffer so much.
he'll wish
I did pull that trigger.
Hey. uh.
Bill says
I got to make peace. so. uh.
how's about no fucking gun
in my face no more?
Bygones.
Sounds good. whatever Bill says.
I mean...
one should never aspire
to shoot their coworker. right?
All right.
For real.
don't do anything stupid.
Did you not just hear my plan?
- Dad.
- Busy.
I just got a call
from Walden Eustice.
the distributor.
I know who Walden Eustice is.
Know. Manfredi was there.
And Mitch Keller.
What are they selling?
They said
it was back stock. 12-Year.
No. but it gets worse.
Bevilaqua was
at the Montague distillery.
Well. that's not not smart.
Bevilaqua... he's got
transpo and soldiers.
That's right.
He can do the selling.
Now. you want me to have a word?
Nah. nah.
Ah. keep it closer to home.
Someone Manfredi cares about.
They'll never know who hit 'em.
Jeremiah.
What to uh.
what do I owe the pleasure?
Pleasure's mine. sir.
Mine and your other visitor.
Look. I called right away.
soon as he left.
Why does he think
you're in play?
He-he doesn't.
I-I'm not.
Well. you're the only person
the man paid a visit to.
I am not
doing business with him.
I swear.
And you never will.
Whoa. whoa. Hey. hey. hey. hey!
Hey! Hold on! No.
♪ "Nothin' Holds Me Down"
by Ryan Bingham playing ♪
♪ Down and out by the Kum & Go ♪
♪ Countin' out my change ♪
♪ Hustle up
another dime or two ♪
♪ Get ready
for the passin' lane ♪
♪ Got a long way to go ♪
♪ A fast horse to ride ♪
♪ And nothing holdin' me down ♪
♪ Don't you worry. mama ♪
♪ I'll call you on telephone ♪
♪ Don't ask me where I'm goin' ♪
♪ All I know
is where I've gone ♪
♪ Nothing holdin' me down... ♪
- Whoa!
- Grace. grab a bin!
♪ The riverboat. she prayed ♪
♪ Said I heard of Jesus... ♪
And that is a bunghole.
♪ I got a long way to go ♪
♪ A fast horse to ride ♪
♪ Nothing holdin' me down... ♪
Ladies and gentlemen.
a toast to the 50.
Cent'Anni!
Why's all this shit
so important to you. son?
The fancy car.
the silly glasses.
I mean. you didn't-you didn't
grow up
with labels and things.
Couldn't even afford it.
though. Pop.
Or we made a choice
to prioritize what's real.
That wasn't. you know.
disrespect to you and Mom
or nothing like that.
I never wanted for anything.
but now I do.
These labels show me that
I'm on the come-up in the world.
That I'm somebody now.
You think those shades
say you're somebody?
You here. ain't you?
I mean. you a part
of something for real now.
I'm here
because your mother
doesn't recognize you anymore.
No matter how loud you think
some labels are
screaming out your name.
I got to hand it to you. Dwight.
A distillery.
Can't accuse you
of having idle hands.
Yeah. well.
boredom's a sin.
Is that why
you're running for governor.
because you're bored?
Boredom's more of a curse.
I'm running because
I want to help the good people
of Oklahoma.
You...
You better get a better.
uh. what do you call it.
a speech writer.
because this sincere bit
is a bad fit there. Thresher.
Why am I here. Dwight?
- Bourbon trail?
- Mm-mmm.
Surely you didn't go through all
this trouble to fix me a drink.
No.
"Campaign." It's interesting.
You don't approve?
No. I do approve.
but I'm putting you on notice.
Ah-ha.
Oh. here we go.
Don't I have to win first
before the corruption starts?
'Course you're gonna win
because you were born
with a big horseshoe
way up your ass.
And perhaps
you'll be cordial enough
when you win
to pick up my phone calls
and maybe throw a favor
my way. right?
A favor?
- Mm.
- Huh.
You know. I hear
Jeremiah Dunmire's
not too pleased
with your new enterprise.
Having a politician
in your pocket...
is that your way
of telling him to fuck off?
Oh. man.
If you know
what's good for you...
and I know you don't...
we're gonna pick up
exactly where we left off.
Partners.
Don't I have to win first
before the threats start?
No. I'm not threatening.
Listen. I'm proud of you.
Running for office with all
those skeletons in your closet.
and the biggest one being...
me.
And I got the key
to that closet.
Good luck there.
Ciao.
Hey. partner?
Mm.
Fuck yourself.
Back at you. gov.
Thanks for the drink.
- I ain't hungry.
- You sure?
No. I'm just being decent.
Your chili sucks.
Them's fighting words.
Well. that's the only
kind of words I know.
I wasn't... Don't start.
- I was just helping you up.
- Ah. good night. Cleo.
If I was you. I'd order
- some pizza.
- Yeah. Yeah.
- Yeah.
- Get good rest. Babe.
- You good?
- Yeah. I'm good. I'm good.
You sure it's okay...
me crashing here?
Of course it's okay.
As long as you can handle
a nice little dose of crazy.
Oh! Motherf...
Huh?
Is it done?
It was dark.
Thought he had a gun.
Come here.
Well. let me see what you did.
I'm sorry.
Let me see it
in the light. there.
Ooh. that's good.
Now I need a hospital. huh?
Dad.
No!
Don't! Don't! Don't...
I got a feeling this shit's
all about to get worse.
You don't have to stay.
If I was a betting man.
which I am.
I'd say it's probably best
that you didn't.
I'm the only one left. Mitch.
Last Montague standing.
Never even had cousins.
Around these parts.
that's a little weird.
Mm. That's who we were.
Are.
Weird.
This ain't your fight.
Kind of is.
My father's fucked-up legacy
is my fucked-up legacy.
I can't let him be forgotten.
I think that's what he'd want.
You know what he wouldn't want?
I can take a good goddamn guess.
♪ I know there's something
I could do right now ♪
♪ And I could do it so proud
and I can do it... ♪
- Skipper?
- Yeah.
You find Armand?
- No. but I spoke to his wife.
- How's Clara?
I don't know how
the little douchebag did it.
but. uh.
the "amends" shit worked.
She's letting him see the kids.
Well. mystery solved.
Little road trip to the Rockies.
that's nice.
You know what.
get her some flow...
Look who I'm talking to.
You're not getting
anyone any flowers anymore.
Just get her some chocolate.
Can't screw that up.
You're not gonna
let that go. are you?
You know I'm not.
Bigfoot.
I'll stay.
It's all right. I got this.
Guess this means
you rejected my offer.
Squandered opportunities.
Mr. Manfredi.
Why don't we have a seat
so I can tell you
all the reasons I dislike you?
Hmm?
Come on. girl.
Come on back in.
Dance with me.
I don't want to dance with you.
I've been working all night.
Just leave me the fuck alone.
I know you want to be with me.
Just go home.
Jace. stop.
You're hurting me.
Was he anything to you?
Not anymore.
Aah!
What's your name?
Cole.
You okay?
I am now.
It is tedious.
What is?
Your flagrant disrespect
for the way
things is done around here.
Place my kin have called home
since before you were
a misguided. filthy impulse
on your daddy's night off.
Your kin should have
taught you manners.
They taught me honor.
So. given your intrusion...
I am obligated to destroy
everything you have built
and everyone you love.
piece by piece. limb by limb.
for my
and my descendants' sake.
Hmm.
Let me give you
the facts of life.
When it comes to money... hey.
money's money. Who cares?
But when it comes to my people.
and you hurt them...
I will snatch away
your meaningless existence
and everything that you
and your descendants built.
And the thing is.
I'm gonna have fun doing it.
- Big talk.
- No.
It's honest talk.
I mean. let's face it.
you come in here.
into my place. thinking
you're gonna make some kind
of "fuck you" statement.
But that ain't it. is it?
Not really.
You're here because
for the first time.
maybe forever.
you're scared.
Your empire
is in danger. Dunmire.
You have sway in Oklahoma.
maybe three surrounding states.
Whatever. Who gives a shit?
But...
I'm gonna take it from you.
All of it. Every bit.
Then ten more. then 20 more.
then the whole goddamn country
on the back of what you
and your kin built.
You see.
I'm just getting started.
Well...
Every man must do
two things alone. Manfredi.
Got to do his own believing.
even if that leads to hell.
and he's got
to do his own dying.
I'll be watching both.